Copyright:
	Copyright (C) 2016-2017 The CoALP Authors.

Program:
	This program a prover and productivity checker following the theory
	outlined in the papers:

	“A Productivity Checker for Logic Programming”
	 Pre-proceedings of LOPSTR'16, Edinburgh, UK.
	 - Patricia Johann
	 - Ekaterina Komendantskaya
	 - Martin Schmidt

	 “Structural Resolution: a Framework for Coinductive Proof Search and Proof Construction in Horn Clause Logic.” 
	 Submitted to ACM Transcations in Computational Logic. 36 pages, November 2015. 
	 - Patricia Johann
	 - Ekaterina Komendantskaya

Requirements:
	SWI Prolog Version 7 or higher
	- http://www.swi-prolog.org/Download.html

	or using the systems package manager:
	 (Ubuntu) sudo apt-get install swi-prolog

	please make sure swipl command is executable directly
	without additional path specifications.

Getting started:
	1) open a command line and execute:
		(Unix)   ./coalp
		(Windows) coalp.bat

	2) load a program:
		?- load(“examples/from.logic”).

	3) execute a query:
		?- query(from(0,X)).

Predicates:
	1) load(Path) and load(Path,Options)
		loads the program under Path
	2) query(Query) and query(Query,Options)
		query the currently loaded program
	3) list
		lists the currently loaded program

Options:

	every option can be be disables by prepending a -.
	
	1) load(PATH,[Option,Option,...]).
		where Option can be:
		* gcheck (default:enabled)
			check guardedness during program loading
		* checkcycles (default:enabled)
			only check predicates that have a path to call themselves

	2) query(Query,[Option,Option,...]).
		* allbuiltin (default:disabled)
			enables all prolog builtins to be used directly
		* loopcheck (default:disabled)
			check for infinite loops during search
			(not needed if guardedness checks have passed during load)

Output Notes:
    Clauses are enumerated for each predicate starting with 0:

Directories:
    examples   | example logic input files

Developer Contact:
    Martin Möhrmann
    Institute of Cognitive Science
    University of Osnabrueck
    Wachsbleiche 27
    49090 Osnabrück 
    Email: martisch@uos.de
